PCGC_CAX plugin (#2)
autonity/autonity-oracle: README.md

```
plugin configuration file:    

`A yaml file to config plugins:`

```yaml
# The forex data plugins are used to fetch realtime rate of currency pairs:
# EUR-USD, JPY-USD, GBP-USD, AUD-USD, CAD-USD and SEK-USD from commercial data providers.
# There are 4 implemented forex data plugins, each of them requires the end user to apply for their own service key from

> # the selected data provider. The selection of the forex data plugin is on demand by end user. The user can use anyone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# the selected data provider. The selection of the forex data plugin is on demand by the end user. The user can use anyone
```

# of them, or he/she can use multiple forex data plugins in the setup.
#
# The crypto data plugins are used to fetch realtime rate of crypto currency pairs:

> # ATN-USD, NTN-USD, NTN-ATN from exchanges. For Autonity round4 game, the data provider of these pairs is a simulated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# ATN-USD, NTN-USD, NTN-ATN from exchanges. For the Autonity Piccadilly Circus Games Competition Round 4 game, the data provider of these pairs is a simulated
```

> # exchange that people can trade ATN and NTN in the markets created by it. Thus, there is no configuration required for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# exchange that people can trade ATN and NTN in markets created by it. No configuration is required for
```

> # the plugin named pcgc_cax that fetch data of crypto currency pairs, since the default configurations inside the plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# the plugin named pcgc_cax that fetches data for these crypto currency pairs from this exchange as the default configuration is set in the plugin.
```

> # works for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> # For each forex data plugin, there is a list of configuration are required, however most of them have use default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# For the forex data plugin, default
```

> # configuration, thus, the end user just need to configure the required ones. All the configuration of a plugin is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# configuration is set, so the end user just needs to configure required settings, namely `name` and `key`. The configuration settings of a plugin are:
```

> # explained as below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#
# type PluginConfig struct {
#	Name               string `json:"name" yaml:"name"`         // the name of the plugin binary, it is required.
#	Key                string `json:"key" yaml:"key"`           // the API key granted by data provider, it is required.
#	Scheme             string `json:"scheme" yaml:"scheme"`     // the data service scheme, http or https, it is optional.
#	Endpoint           string `json:"endpoint" yaml:"endpoint"` // the hostname of the data service endpoint, it is optional.
#	Timeout            int    `json:"timeout" yaml:"timeout"`   // the timeout in seconds that a request last for, it is optional.
#	DataUpdateInterval int    `json:"refresh" yaml:"refresh"`   // the interval in seconds to fetch data due to the rate limit from the provider.
#}

> # An example to config all the configuration of the plugin forex_currencyfreaks, only those required field is needed,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# As an example, to set the configuration of the plugin `forex_currencyfreaks`, only the required field are needed,
```

> # however you can configure those optionals on demand to fit your service quality provided by the provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# however you can configure the optional fields on demand to fit your service quality from the rate provider.
```

#  - name: forex_currencyfreaks              # required, it is the plugin file name in the plugin directory.
#    key: 575aab9e47e54790bf6d502c48407c10   # required, visit https://currencyfreaks.com to get your key, and replace it.
#    scheme: https                           # optional, https or http, default value is https.
#    endpoint: api.currencyfreaks.com        # optional, default value is api.currencyfreaks.com
#    timeout: 10                             # optional, default value is 10.
#    refresh: 3600                           # optional, default value is 3600, that is 1 hour to fetch data from data source.

> # Un-comment below lines to enable your forex data plugin's configuration on demand. Your production configurations start from below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Un-comment below lines to enable your forex data plugin's configuration on demand. Your production configurations starts from below:
```
